.TH "EpsilonSkyline" 3 "26 Nov 2006" "Version 1.0" "Skyline Website" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
EpsilonSkyline \- Epsilon: Class of Epsilon Skyline.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBEpsilonSkyline\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBEpsilonSkyline\fP \fBInstance\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static DataTable \fBdtNormalize\fP (DataTable dtSource)"
.br
.RI "\fINormalize data in dtSource to N(0, 1). \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static DataTable \fBdtDataFile2Table\fP (string FileString)"
.br
.RI "\fIRead data from the string of a text file to a datatable. The format of the string is Col_1...Col_n
.br
. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static ArrayList \fBBasicBNLSkyline\fP (DataTable dt)"
.br
.RI "\fIBasic BNL algorithm on Skyline query. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBblnDominate\fP (DataRow dr1, DataRow dr2, int intType)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static ArrayList \fBEpsilon_BNLSkyline\fP (DataTable dt, double dblEpsilon)"
.br
.RI "\fIEpsilon_BNL algorithm for Skyline query. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "static bool \fBblnEpsilon_Dominate\fP (DataRow dr1, DataRow dr2, int intType, double dblEpsilon)"
.br
.RI "\fIEpsilon-dominate operator. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBEpsilonSkyline\fP \fBm_instance\fP = null"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Epsilon: Class of Epsilon Skyline. 

<author>Jarod Wen</author> <Date>20:18pm, Nov 26th, 2006</Date> 
.PP
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "EpsilonSkyline.EpsilonSkyline ()"
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static \fBEpsilonSkyline\fP EpsilonSkyline.Instance ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
.SS "static DataTable EpsilonSkyline.dtNormalize (DataTable dtSource)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Normalize data in dtSource to N(0, 1). 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdtSource\fP Source Data Table
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Normalized data table
.RE
.PP

.SS "static DataTable EpsilonSkyline.dtDataFile2Table (string FileString)\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Read data from the string of a text file to a datatable. The format of the string is Col_1...Col_n
.br
. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIFileString\fP Contents of the text file
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Data table filled with the data from the text file
.RE
.PP

.SS "static ArrayList EpsilonSkyline.BasicBNLSkyline (DataTable dt)\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Basic BNL algorithm on Skyline query. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdt\fP Source Data table
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The list containing all the index of skyline objects
.RE
.PP

.SS "static bool EpsilonSkyline.blnDominate (DataRow dr1, DataRow dr2, int intType)\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Skyline operator: dominate
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdr1\fP Left data object of the operator.
.br
\fIdr2\fP Right data object of the operator.
.br
\fIcolumnList\fP Columns on which Skyline query will be processed
.br
\fIintType\fP Comparation type: 0-Larger better; 1-Smaller better.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Whether left data object dominate the right one.
.RE
.PP

.SS "static ArrayList EpsilonSkyline.Epsilon_BNLSkyline (DataTable dt, double dblEpsilon)\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Epsilon_BNL algorithm for Skyline query. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdt\fP Source data table
.br
\fIdblEpsilon\fP Value of Epsilon
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The list containing all the index of Epsilon skyline objects
.RE
.PP

.SS "static bool EpsilonSkyline.blnEpsilon_Dominate (DataRow dr1, DataRow dr2, int intType, double dblEpsilon)\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Epsilon-dominate operator. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdr1\fP Left data object of the operator.
.br
\fIdr2\fP Right data object of the operator.
.br
\fIcolumnList\fP Columns on which Skyline query will be processed
.br
\fIintType\fP Comparation type: 0-Larger better; 1-Smaller better.
.br
\fIdblEpsilon\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Whether left data object dominate the right one.
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBEpsilonSkyline\fP \fBEpsilonSkyline.m_instance\fP = null\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Skyline Website from the source code.
