.TH "Skyline_PreSort" 3 "26 Nov 2006" "Version 1.0" "Skyline Website" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Skyline_PreSort \- <Date>20:18pm, Nov 26th, 2006</Date>  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBSkyline_PreSort\fP ()"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Static Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBSkyline_PreSort\fP \fBInstance\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "static ArrayList \fBSkylineQuery_Presorted\fP (DataTable dt, ArrayList columnList, ArrayList TypeList)"
.br
.RI "\fISkylines the query_ presorted. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static DataTable \fBPreSort\fP (DataTable dtSource, ArrayList columnList, ArrayList TypeList)"
.br
.RI "\fIPresort all the values in each column of the data table, according to the sorting type specified in TyoeList. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Static Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "static \fBSkyline_PreSort\fP \fBm_instance\fP = null"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
<Date>20:18pm, Nov 26th, 2006</Date> 

<author>Jarod Wen</author> 
.PP
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "Skyline_PreSort.Skyline_PreSort ()"
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "static \fBSkyline_PreSort\fP Skyline_PreSort.Instance ()\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
.SS "static DataTable Skyline_PreSort.PreSort (DataTable dtSource, ArrayList columnList, ArrayList TypeList)\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP
Presort all the values in each column of the data table, according to the sorting type specified in TyoeList. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdtSource\fP Source data table
.br
\fIcolumnList\fP All the columns in the skyline query
.br
\fITypeList\fP Sorting type: for each item, 0-AESC, 1-DESC
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
The table contains sorted index of the source data objects
.RE
.PP

.SS "static ArrayList Skyline_PreSort.SkylineQuery_Presorted (DataTable dt, ArrayList columnList, ArrayList TypeList)\fC [static]\fP"
.PP
Skylines the query_ presorted. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdt\fP The dt.
.br
\fIcolumnList\fP The column list.
.br
\fITypeList\fP The type list.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBSkyline_PreSort\fP \fBSkyline_PreSort.m_instance\fP = null\fC [static, private]\fP"
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Skyline Website from the source code.
