.TH "UserDefine_2" 3 "26 Nov 2006" "Version 1.0" "Skyline Website" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
UserDefine_2 \- User Defined skyline query: data upload, bilk add and computation.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Protected Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBPage_Load\fP (object sender, EventArgs e)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBButton1_Click\fP (object sender, EventArgs e)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBInitializeDataSetDdl\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIInitialize the drop down list on UserDefine_2.aspx with name of data table in DB. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBInitializeData\fP (string strSchemaID)"
.br
.RI "\fIRead data schema from DB, according the ID of schema user selected in the previous page. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "DataTable \fBGetDataSet\fP (string strDataTableName)"
.br
.RI "\fIRead data from DB according to the user's selection on data table in the drop down list. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "DataTable \fBReadFile2Table\fP (string[] strFileContent, DataTable dtData)"
.br
.RI "\fIRead data from the user text file and also do the bulk upload if necessary. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "bool \fBblnBulk2DB\fP (DataTable dtSource, string strTblName)"
.br
.RI "\fIBulk add data using SqlBulkCopy in .NET 2.0. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
User Defined skyline query: data upload, bilk add and computation. 

<author>Jarod Wen</author> <Date>20:18pm, Nov 26th, 2006</Date> 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void UserDefine_2.Page_Load (object sender, EventArgs e)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
.SS "void UserDefine_2.InitializeDataSetDdl ()\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Initialize the drop down list on UserDefine_2.aspx with name of data table in DB. 
.PP

.SS "void UserDefine_2.InitializeData (string strSchemaID)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Read data schema from DB, according the ID of schema user selected in the previous page. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstrSchemaID\fP Schema ID
.RE
.PP

.SS "void UserDefine_2.Button1_Click (object sender, EventArgs e)\fC [protected]\fP"
.PP
.SS "DataTable UserDefine_2.GetDataSet (string strDataTableName)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Read data from DB according to the user's selection on data table in the drop down list. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstrDataTableName\fP 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
.RE
.PP

.SS "DataTable UserDefine_2.ReadFile2Table (string[] strFileContent, DataTable dtData)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Read data from the user text file and also do the bulk upload if necessary. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIstrFileContent\fP Contents of the file user uploaded
.br
\fIdtData\fP The structure of the table for storing
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Data table filled with data.
.RE
.PP

.SS "bool UserDefine_2.blnBulk2DB (DataTable dtSource, string strTblName)\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Bulk add data using SqlBulkCopy in .NET 2.0. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdtSource\fP Data Table containing data which will be added into database
.br
\fIstrTblName\fP The name of table user want to store as.
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Whether the bulk add succeeds
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for Skyline Website from the source code.
